Qianqian
Why didn't you bring the bathtub I gave you?
The deep road view is also quasi-warm
How dare that bitch not tell me
That poor tie was also bought by that bitch
Lu Jingshen actually cares so much about me?
I'm afraid I'll lose it.
So I have been collecting it well
You talk first
I'm going to the bathroom
Zhang Guojia, I want you to do something for me
Don't say
Don't worry, I will help you well.
It's your stupid bitch
Bitch dares to seduce Lu Jingshen
I'll make you pay this time
Xiaolan, according to your parents' blood types
You can't be related to your parents by blood
otherwise
You can ask your mother.
OK, I see.
Thank you Dr. Xu
Am I really not my parents' biological daughter?
Who are my biological parents?